Tooling for Helping Migrate Sharing to the JSON (#10697)
PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn: email.md

Subject: Changes to Question Sharing in PrairieLearn

First, I want to say thank you again for being one of our Beta users of PrairieLearn's question sharing features.

> We will be pushing some updates to the Question Sharing system soon that will require some action on your part to ensure your course continues to sync correctly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will be pushing some updates to the question sharing system soon that will require some action on your part to ensure your course continues to sync correctly.
```

> Specifically, the sharing configuration of questions will be specified in JSON files, rather than only being edited in the web user interface.

Reviewer: Whenever making a breaking change like this, it's good to explain _why_ the change is being made, i.e. what's the benefit of specifying this in JSON files.

Author: done

Sharing info will be specified with the following properties: 
In your `infoCourse.json`, you will need to list all of the sharing sets that you have, e.g.:

...

"sharingSets": [
{"name": "python-exercises", "description": "Python exercises for sharing"},
{"name": "final-exam", "description": "Questions that can be used on a final exam"}
]
...

In your `info.json` for each question, you will need to specify the sharing configuration for that question with the properties "sharingSets" and "publiclyShared", e.g.: 
<br/>

...
"sharingSets": [
"final-exam"
],
"publiclyShared": true,
...

To help in this process, I have attached a python script which can be used to bulk-update the sharing info in the info.json files of your questions, as well as the list of the questions you currently have shared (publicly and through sharing sets). Please copy the files "insert_sharing_info.py", "question_sharing_info.csv", "sharing_sets.csv" into your course directory, and then run `python insert_sharing_info.py` in that directory.

Starting now, you are able to add these properties to your JSON files, but they will be ignored on sync.

> Once we make the next deployment on <insert date????>, the sharing info will be required in the JSON in order for your course sync to succeed.

Reviewer: Nit, this will not necessarily go out in the next deployment:

```suggestion
Once we deploy the changes to question sharing on <insert date????>, the sharing info will be required in the JSON in order for syncing your course to succeed.
```
